Delivery coordinator, Project management
Job Offer
As a project delivery manager, you help direct material, time, IT and human resources on cross-sector projects to meet objectives on time and on budget. You analyze project feasibility and opportunities, develop action plans, define milestones and coordinate project teams. You supervise and coordinate contributors involved in the application and technology component of highly innovative, large-scale projects involving multiple sectors. You ensure timelines and budgets are respected. You plan, prioritize and coordinate work to meet objectives. You ensure the quality of deliverables and the performance and engagement of contributors. Your projects and initiatives require extensive knowledge of your field. You are responsible for strategic projects that are organizationally and conceptually complex and require comprehensive analysis and understanding of the organization and line of work. Coordination is critical, so you frequently interact with stakeholders working in a wide range of other fields. Interpersonal savvy is therefore essential. You lead, influence and serve as expert to teams, senior management and decision-making bodies. More specifically, you will be required to:

Plan deliverables for the application and technology component. Estimate project costs, taking into account issues, complexity, practitioners and tie-ins with other projects
Supervise and coordinate contributors involved in delivering the application and technology component. Ensure team performance and quality control and identify project-specific standards, methods and procedures
Coordinate deliverables and ensure agreements, budgets and timelines are respected. Ensure performance of the application and technology component and alignment with priorities
Analyze risks and impacts for the application and technology component and develop strategies to address them
Work with the project leader to manage change requests, solution testing and strategies for the application and technology component. Ensure availability of the application layer of infrastructure platforms
What we offer*

Competitive salary and annual bonus
4 weeks of flexible vacation starting in the first year
Defined benefit pension plan that provides predictable, stable income throughout retirement
Group insurance including telemedicine
Reimbursement of health and wellness expenses and telework equipment
* Benefits apply based on eligibility criteria.

#LI-Hybrid

What you bring to the table

Bachelor's degree in a related field
A minimum of eight years of relevant experience
Please note that other combinations of qualifications and relevant experience may be considered
Knowledge of French is required
Intermediate advanced proficiency of English due to the nature of the duties or work tools or because the position involves interactions with English-speaking partners, members and/or clients
Action oriented, Customer Focus, Differences, Interpersonal Savvy, Nimble learning, Plans and aligns
Trade Union (If applicable)

At Desjardins, we believe in equity, diversity and inclusion. We're committed to welcoming, respecting and valuing people for who they are as individuals, learning from their differences, embracing their uniqueness, and providing a positive workplace for all. At Desjardins, we have zero tolerance for discrimination of any kind. We believe our teams should reflect the diversity of the members, clients and communities we serve.

If there's something we can do to help make the recruitment process or the job you're applying for more accessible, let us know. We can provide accommodations at any stage in the recruitment process. Just ask!

Job Family

Project management (FG)