Titre du poste : R&D PMO Coordinator

À propos de l’offre d’emploi
At ABB, we help industries run leaner and cleaner—and every person here makes that happen. You’ll be empowered to lead, supported to grow, and proud of the impact we create together. Join us and help run what runs the world.

This Position reports to:

R&D Team Lead




As an R&D PMO Coordinator, you identify, implement and support R&D projects KPIs dashboards. You evaluate and plan project timelines and resource needs and capacity. You support and coach R&D project engineers to drive performance and deliver project targets.

This role is contributing to the Electrification, Installation Products of ABB Canada and is located in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu.

The work model is hybrid, with 2 days per week at the office.

Responsibilities:

1- KPIs, Dashboards and Portfolio Management

Implement and maintain the R&D project portfolio and associated KPIs
Build and implement plans to analyse project and financial data aligned with business targets and strategy
Create data-driven dashboards to support business strategy decision-making
Lead meetings with R&D management to review capacity and resource allocation to enable decision-making
Support the implementation and updating of the R&D project portfolio and related resource and budget plans

2- Project Coordination

Coordinate and support New Product Introduction (NPI) and product improvement projects using technical knowledge, development methodologies, and project management expertise
Support NPI projects for go-to-market using the Stage Gate process
Support project engineers with insights and best practices in project management
Contribute to the improvement of project management processes to increase team efficiency
Ensure objectives, priorities, key decisions, and project status are effectively communicated to stakeholders
Be accountable for team planning, coordination, execution, and delivery of assigned projects
Identify and manage project risks, as well as the actions required to minimise impacts on schedules to deliver projects on time
Develop and maintain project management documentation (schedules, deliverables, risks, meeting agendas and minutes, action tracking) in collaboration with the various departments involved
Facilitate and organise project follow-up meetings
Coordinate day-to-day project activities with involved resources and act as a communication bridge between teams to ensure project efficiency and effectiveness

Requirements:

Bilingual in French and English (spoken and written). English is necessary to communicate with clients outside Quebec.
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or equivalent experience in engineering project management
5+ years of experience in engineering product development project management and PMO (Project Management Office).
Experience managing and implementing performance indicators (KPIs), dashboards, and resource planning
Experience with product development Stage-Gate processes
PMP Project Management certification (an asset)
Strong skills in data management and analysis (databases)
Experience with Smartsheet and Power BI (an asset)
Experience in a Project Management Office (PMO) environment
Proven communication skills and ability to facilitate meetings
Ability to influence, manage, and mobilise stakeholders from diverse expertise areas, cultures, and geographical locations
Fosters a positive team environment, technical excellence, and continuous attention to quality and built-in quality practices
Demonstrates proactivity and autonomy
Strong rigour and tolerance for ambiguity


 

Employment Equity & Inclusion Statement (Canada)

ABB values the dedication, commitment, and expertise of all our employees. As an Employment Equity Employer, we are committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace. We actively support the principles of the Employment Equity Act and strive to build a workforce that reflects Canada’s diversity, including:

 Women
 Indigenous Peoples
 Members of visible minorities
 Persons with disabilities

ABB is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you require accommodation during any stage of the recruitment process, we encourage you to let us know.