Titre du poste : Senior Project Manager/Gestionnaire de projet 

À propos de l’offre d’emploi
A Snapshot of Your Day

Are you a professional, dynamic individual with experience in managing FACTs and Substations projects? Do you seek to make a meaningful difference in people's lives? Then you have chosen the right place to work.

As Senior Project Manager you are planning, driving, and closing projects, ensuring they are completed on time, within budget, and meeting quality standards. You collaborate with our cross-functional team, handle resources, identify risks, and communicate progress to partners and stakeholders, ultimately driving projects to successful completion.

How You’ll Make An Impact

Your tasks as the Senior Project Manager include planning the activities and resources, organizing and motivating the project team (including Sub Project Managers), controlling time management and costs, analyzing and managing risks, and ensuring customer satisfaction.
Design, develop and manage customer projects, according to defined Siemens Energy Project Management (PM) standards and customer requirements, and with responsibility for economic results.
You will bear the responsibility for reporting of the progress of the project. Involvement in the project in offering phase supporting the sales by defining deliverables, finding subcontractors, budgeting etc. gives you variation to the site routines. You will be part of execution team as a key leader.
Schedule Management – Lead the project management team in monitoring and maintaining the project schedule(s). Attend schedule meetings as required.
Lead the project management team in producing the required deliverables, both internally and externally. Assure deliverables / reports are produced in the frequencies described in the contract documents.
Change Management – Understand the change management processes as they apply to each specific contract on the project. Be able to disseminate and explain the processes to other members of the project management team. Be able to produce reports – including Change Order Logs.


What You Bring

Your tasks as the Senior Project Manager include planning the activities and resources, organizing and motivating the project team (including Sub Project Managers), controlling time management and costs, analyzing and managing risks, and ensuring customer satisfaction.
Design, develop and manage customer projects, according to defined Siemens Energy Project Management (PM) standards and customer requirements, and with responsibility for economic results.
You will bear the responsibility for reporting of the progress of the project. Involvement in the project in offering phase supporting the sales by defining deliverables, finding subcontractors, budgeting etc. gives you variation to the site routines. You will be part of execution team as a key leader.
Schedule Management – Lead the project management team in monitoring and maintaining the project schedule(s). Attend schedule meetings as required.
Lead the project management team in producing the required deliverables, both internally and externally. Assure deliverables / reports are produced in the frequencies described in the contract documents.
Change Management – Understand the change management processes as they apply to each specific contract on the project. Be able to disseminate and explain the processes to other members of the project management team. Be able to produce reports – including Change Order Logs.


About The Team

In the new energy era with increasing electricity transmission, we provide our customers with innovative systems and solutions.

Who is Siemens Energy?

At Siemens Energy, we are more than just an energy technology company. With ~100,000 dedicated employees in more than 90 countries, we develop the energy systems of the future, ensuring that the growing energy demand of the global community is met reliably and sustainably. The technologies created in our research departments and factories drive the energy transition and provide the base for one sixth of the world's electricity generation.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable, reliable, and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We uphold a 150-year legacy of innovation that encourages our search for people who will support our focus on decarbonization, new technologies, and energy transformation. Find out how you can make a difference at Siemens Energy: https://www.siemens-energy.com/employeevideo

Our Commitment to Diversity

Lucky for us, we are not all the same. Through diversity we generate power. We run on inclusion and our combined creative energy is fueled by over 130 nationalities. Siemens Energy celebrates character – no matter what ethnic background, gender, age, religion, identity, or disability. We energize society, all of society, and we do not discriminate based on our differences.

This position is for an Immediate Vacancy/Future Opportunity. We are actively seeking candidates to fill this role as soon as possible. Please note that the timeline for hiring may vary based on organizational needs and candidate availability.

Rewards

Career growth and development opportunities 
Supportive work culture and a healthy work- life balance
Flexible work environment with flex hours, telecommuting and digital workspaces.
Competitive total rewards package
Flexible benefits and savings programs
Rewarding vacation entitlement with the opportunity to buy
Parental leave 
Profit sharing
Contribute to our social responsibility initiatives
Diversity and inclusivity focused


Jobs & Careers: https://jobs.siemens-energy.com/jobs

Titre du poste:  Gestionnaire de projet

Un aperçu de votre journée 

Êtes-vous une personne enthousiaste et dynamique, désireuse de gérer des projets? Cherchez-vous à faire une différence significative dans la vie des gens? Alors vous avez choisi le bon endroit où travailler.

En tant que gestionnaire de projet, vous planifiez, dirigez et clôturez les projets, en veillant à ce qu’ils soient achevés dans les délais, dans les limites du budget et dans le respect des normes de qualité. Vous collaborez avec une équipe interfonctionnelle, gérez les ressources, identifiez les risques et communiquez les progrès aux partenaires et aux parties prenantes, contribuant ainsi à l’achèvement des projets.

 

Comment vous ferez la différence 

En tant que gestionnaire de projet, vos tâches consistent notamment à planifier les activités et les ressources, organiser et motiver l’équipe de projet, contrôler la gestion du temps et des coûts, analyser et gérer les risques, et garantir la satisfaction du client.
Concevoir, développer et gérer les projets des clients, conformément aux normes de gestion de projets définies par Siemens Énergie et aux exigences des clients, et en assumant la responsabilité des résultats économiques.
Vous serez responsable de l’établissement de rapports sur l’état d’avancement du projet. Votre participation au projet dans la phase d’offre, en soutenant les ventes par la définition des livrables, la recherche de sous-traitants, l’établissement du budget, etc., vous permet de varier la routine du chantier. Vous serez un acteur clé au sein de l’équipe d’exécution.
Gestion du calendrier – Soutenir l’équipe de gestion de projets dans le suivi et le maintien des calendriers de projet. Assister aux réunions sur le calendrier, le cas échéant.
Aider l’équipe de gestion de projets à produire les livrables requis, tant en interne qu’en externe. Veiller à ce que les livrables/rapports soient produits selon la fréquence décrite dans les documents contractuels.
Gestion des changements – Comprendre les processus de gestion des changements applicables aux contrats propres au projet. Savoir diffuser et expliquer les processus aux autres membres de l’équipe de gestion du site. Être en mesure de produire des rapports, y compris des registres d’ordre de modification.


 

Ce que vous apportez à l’entreprise 

8 and d'exérience technique, de préférence en génie électrique.
Connaissance de l’AIS, GIS, FACTs, HVDC et/ou stockage par batteries (indispensable).
Expérience en gestion de site et en exécution de projets dans le domaine EPC.
Maîtrise de la planification, du contrôle, du reporting de projets (Microsoft Project et/ou Primavera P6) et bonne compréhension des processus de gestion de projet.
Souhaitable : certifications en gestion de projet, compétences en gestion du changement, capacité à influencer et à penser « out of the box ».
Ce poste se déroule dans un environnement francophone, mais nécessite la maîtrise de l’anglais pour comprendre la documentation et les termes techniques provenant de sources internationales, et pour communiquer avec des clients, des fournisseurs ou des collègues internationaux. 


À propos de l’équipe 

Dans la nouvelle ère de l’énergie, avec l’augmentation du transport d’électricité, nous fournissons à nos clients des systèmes et des solutions innovants. 

 

Qui est Siemens Energy ?

Chez Siemens Energy, nous sommes plus qu’une simple entreprise de technologie énergétique. Avec environ 100 000 employés dévoués dans plus de 90 pays, nous développons les systèmes énergétiques de demain, garantissant que la demande énergétique croissante de la communauté mondiale soit satisfaite de manière fiable et durable. Les technologies créées dans nos départements de recherche et nos usines propulsent la transition énergétique et constituent la base d’un sixième de la production mondiale d’électricité.

Notre équipe mondiale s’engage à faire d’une énergie durable, fiable et abordable une réalité en repoussant les limites de ce qui est possible. Nous préservons un héritage de 150 ans d’innovation qui nous encourage à rechercher des personnes qui soutiendront notre approche centrée sur la décarbonisation, les nouvelles technologies et la transformation énergétique.

Découvrez comment faire la différence chez Siemens Energy : https://www.siemens-energy.com/employeevideo

 

Notre engagement en faveur de la diversité 

Heureusement pour nous, nous sommes tous différents. La diversité est notre moteur. Il fonctionne à l’inclusion, et notre énergie créatrice combinée est alimentée par plus de 130 nationalités. Siemens Energy célèbre la personnalité de chacun – quels que soient son origine ethnique, son genre, son âge, sa religion, son identité ou son handicap. Nous donnons de l’énergie à la société, à toute la société, et nous ne discriminons pas sur la base de nos différences.

Ce poste est pour un poste vacant immédiat. Nous recherchons activement des candidats pour pourvoir ce poste dans les plus brefs délais. Veuillez noter que le délai de recrutement peut varier en fonction des besoins organisationnels et de la disponibilité des candidats.

 

Rétributions

Occasions de développement de carrière et de perfectionnement
Culture de travail axée sur le soutien et équilibre travail-vie personnelle sain
Environnement de travail souple – horaires variables, télétravail et espaces de travail numériques.
Rémunération globale concurrentielle.
Avantages sociaux flexibles et programmes d’épargne
Possibilité d’acheter des vacances
Congé parental 
Participation aux bénéfices 
Contribution à nos initiatives en matière de responsabilité sociale
Accent mis sur la diversité et l’inclusion 